So let's do this.
Let's do AWS cluster, and I'm gonna
provision my AWS cluster as well, so
I'm gonna say, New run.
Now, you'll notice one thing that's
actually pretty cool about this is I can
actually also show data sources, right?
So I can see what data
sources were looked up.
And then I can also see, cool,
well the VPC was in fact found.
So this would not have worked if
we hadn't applied network yet,
because that VPC name isn't there for
us to look up in this repo.
That's how the Legos stack
on top of each other, right?
So now I'm gonna hit Confirm and
Apply, and I'm gonna let it apply.
Now, really quickly, while this is
happening, let's go to Amazon, right?
We just provisioned
a bunch of infrastructure,
let's see what it looks like.
So I'm gonna go here,
I'm gonna log in with my account.
And let's go see.
While this is provisioning, right,
we can see it's provisioning stuff.
Let's go see what it's made.
Cool, and again,
I know it's failing purposely.
So don't worry, I have a plan.
So while that's failing,
just let it keep going, it's okay.
If something fails, it's fine,
just let it keep going, right?
Let's go to VPC.
Okay, your VPCs.
I'm in Northern California,
we should probably switch to
the right region before I freak out.
[LAUGH] And then look at that.
There's our VPC, fem-eci.
And here's what's really cool,
look at this, everything's already there.
The CIDR's set up.
The ACL is the main route table.
I can even go to the resource map and
see how the routing works.
Okay, public goes out here.
ElastiCache goes out here.
Intra is in this one, right?
These are the route tables and
these are the network connections, right?
So you can really kinda start to get
an idea of how this infrastructure is
created.
So let's go back to our
automation really quickly.
So it's at Create Failed.
Hm, it's interesting,
I wonder why that happened, right?
That's a little bit peculiar.
Sometimes with Amazon,
it's easier to create them manually.
And you might be like, whoa, what?
Why are you saying this for?
It's the only time I genuinely think
this is easier to be done manually.
So, whenever you work with ECS clusters,
you need a key pair.
You need some type of key to give
the instances that are gonna be created so
that you can access them, right?
Now you have two choices here, you can
either take an existing key pair and
import it into your automation and
then have it apply that for you, right?
Or you can do another thing, which is
you can actually just use the key pair
infrastructure in Amazon and
download a freshly generated one for you.
And that's what I prefer to do.
So if you run into this error,
which you will, bam,
look at that, key pair does not exist.
Fair enough.
So, this cluster couldn't create because
the instances it wants to have can't
create or can't use a key so
that you can connect to them, right?
We need an SSH key of some sort.
I don't wanna use mine, right?
Because what happens
when I leave the company?
[LAUGH] Right?
So what we're gonna do is
we're gonna make it so
that the company keeps
that responsibility.
I'm gonna go to EC2, And
I'm gonna go to Key Pairs.
And you'll actually see that I've got
a couple, I've got one right there even
already, but that's not the one I need, so
I'm just gonna delete that really quickly.
And I'm gonna create a new one,
Create key pair.
And I'm gonna paste in
the value it expects, right?
eci-ereinert-prod-cluster-ecs, and
then I'm gonna hit, Create key pair.
When you do that, did you notice that
it also downloaded something for me?
That's why it's nice to do this approach.
Because now your key pair is stored
in Amazon, it's secure in there,
you can start using it wherever you want,
right?
And you have it now downloaded available
to you, that you can store the private key
somewhere if you wanna connect
to your instances, right?
So now that we have that, we can
actually go back to our run and rerun.
>> I think you mentioned it, but Terraform
could have generated that as well,
correct?
>> It can, but
the problem is it won't give you the key.
I don't know why, but
the resource doesn't actually give you
the key when you create it in Terraform.
So the best way in my personal opinion
is to just go in, create it manually.
Download the key, store it somewhere safe,
and then just utilize that.
And so you can see here that
now this all got created.
And I don't know why, but
my UI is not fully updating.
It didn't get created.
Sorry, gotta confirm it.
This time it should get created.
So while that's working, we can go
back to Amazon, and we can go to ECS.
And look at that,
I have a fem-eciep-ereinhardt=prod and
my other one,
which is my alt4llc-bulbasaur-dev.
Now you might be wondering why
do you have Bulbasaur here?
[LAUGH] It's because I version
my infrastructure in Pokemon.
Version one is Bulbasaur, version two,
version three, version four, so on.
So it's just a nerdy way that I name
all of my versions of my environments.
That's another layer that you guys might
want to take a look at in the future,
which is active and passive, right?
I have an active cluster and a passive
cluster that are both for dev, right?
How do I switch between active and
passive even though it's in dev?
That's another layer to it.
Look at that, class, [LAUGH] we have
four greens across the board here.
And that's because now we have Terraform
tfe completely synced and automated.
Terraform eci-github,
completely synced and automated.
Terraform aws-network got
its own network created for
it with its own parameters, right,
but it is in fact aws-network.
And then eci-cluster got created, right?
And it was attached to
the repository that we need.
So in about an hour, we created
all of the workspaces we needed,
all the repositories we needed.
And not only that, we created a whole
network on Amazon as well as a cluster for
all of our services.